All humans have the instincts only
to help each other when there is one
Hiker in the mountains leads astray
to do a search
when an earthquake destroys a city
send people from all over the world
alternative delivery
this instinct is found in everyone
Culture
without exception
Registered early today at 4:30
our satellites storm in the
near the three stations on the
market is and became more and more intense
and we had to stop the missions
but during the evacuation can
astronaut mark matney around the world
I attach an official logbook to mine
name is markwort and I'm still alive
obviously i could be the nasa
still contact my flight
but it would take four years anyway
until another manned mission
reached and this station is only for
31 days in the face of this
prospects remains only an option
I have to deal with science from the
pull shit
ok we calculate it by I have one
Finding food for four years on
Build here on a planet on the
nothing grows
but if i can not make it the nasa
It does not matter to contact
more
Lawyers for information we have
a video message to the whole crew
get game
markwort is still alive and I answer
Do not ask yet we have him
left behind
Let's get our man the NASA has that
that's what we're talking about here
talking is pure moth
and if we do not have the supplies
we can destroy it
we die the gravitation wizard
we
that is the universe it does not cooperate
I guarantee you at any point
everything just goes wrong
and then they say that's it
this is my end
is it possible that he still lives the
marsianer